<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="_1_1startup_means_actually_what">
    <title>Startup...means actually what?</title>
    <shortdesc>The term "startup" can have different definitions, but here are four of the most
        popular ones: </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_n1p_wn5_pbc">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Colloquial Definition:</b> A startup is a young, innovative company, often
                        in the tech sector, that doesn’t follow established business models. It aims
                        to bring a unique product to the market. It’s a temporary entity that
                        becomes a full-fledged company once it finds its business model. Startups
                        are high-risk investments with uncertain returns.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Eric Ries's Definition: </b>He describes it as <q>a human institution
                            designed to create new products and services under conditions of extreme
                            uncertainty.</q></p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Krakow Definition: </b>A startup is <q>an organization that uses external
                            funding and market experimentation to find a way to create customer
                            value based on innovation that can be scaled globally.</q></p>
                </li>
                <li><b>Spiral Definition:</b> Dr. Skala, an expert with the Startup Poland
                    Foundation, defines a startup as an organization with limited resources and
                    uncertain demand for its products. The phases of startup development are:<ul
                        id="ul_lnh_5q5_pbc">
                        <li>
                            <p>Finding an innovative business model</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Using modern technology</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Launching a new product</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Creating disruptive innovations that radically change how customer
                                needs are met</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Ensuring rapid user growth (hyperscalability)</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Creating an effective mechanism to translate user numbers into
                                revenue growth</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Translating revenue growth into exponential growth in business
                                value</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ol>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
