<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="_4_1_what_do_you_actually_want_understanding_the_business_model">
    <title>What do you actually want? Understanding the business model</title>
    <shortdesc>Full definition of Buissness Model.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>A business model, also known as an economic model, is the blueprint for how your business
            will generate revenue. It outlines what you'll sell, how you'll sell it, to whom, for
            what purpose, and how profitable your business can be. A well-developed business model
            should address four fundamental questions: Who? What? How? Why? Only then can you gauge
            the potential for your idea to thrive and succeed.<ol id="ol_w4k_xcy_pbc">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Who</b> - Who is Your Customer?</p>
                    <p>Focus on customers who genuinely need your product. Narrow your audience down
                        to 2-3 well-defined personas.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>What</b> - What Value Do You Offer?</p>
                    <p>Identify the value you aim to provide to your customers. What will fulfill
                        their needs and expectations? Describe it in detail.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>How</b> - How Will You Deliver the Value?</p>
                    <p>Consider the methods, tools, and technologies you'll use to deliver value to
                        customers. What sets you apart from the competition? This information will
                        enable you to address your customers' needs more effectively.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Why</b> - Why Should Customers Be Interested in Your Value?</p>
                    <p>Think about why customers should care about your product. What will convince
                        them to take the risk of doing business with you? How will you persuade them
                        to pay?</p>
                </li>
            </ol></p>
        <note id="note_bh3_jdy_pbc">
            <p>Brace yourself - this isn’t the end of the road just yet! When you're sketching out
                your business model, don't stop there. Dive deep, ask additional questions, do extra
                research. The more you know, the better your chances of hitting it big.</p>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
